"query:Unread Articles:unread = \"yes\""

# web
https://reactjs.org/feed.xml reactjs web
https://www.robinwieruch.de/index.xml reactjs web


# rust
https://andrewradev.com/feed.xml rust ruby vim
http://cliffle.com/rss.xml rust
http://aturon.github.io/atom.xml rust
https://siliconislandblog.wordpress.com/feed rust
https://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/atom.xml rust
https://blog.rust-lang.org/feed.xml rust
https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/feed.xml rust
https://blog.x5ff.xyz/blog/index.xml rust
https://blog.japaric.io/index.xml rust
https://www.ncameron.org/blog/rss rust
https://hermanradtke.com/atom.xml rust
http://jonathanturner.org/feed.xml rust
https://llogiq.github.io/feed.xml rust
https://fitzgeraldnick.com/feed.xml rust
https://www.ralfj.de/blog/feed.xml rust
https://seanmonstar.com/rss rust
https://words.steveklabnik.com/feed rust
https://this-week-in-rust.org/atom.xml rust
https://rustwasm.github.io/feed.xml rust
https://tokio.rs/blog/index.xml rust
https://vorner.github.io/feed.xml rust
https://boats.gitlab.io/blog/index.xml rust


# tech
https://coolshell.cn/feed tech
http://blog.kongfy.com/feed tech
https://cn.engadget.com/rss.xml tech
https://martinfowler.com/feed.atom tech
https://8thlight.com/blog/feed/atom.xml tech
https://jvns.ca/atom.xml tech


# other
https://salttiger.com/feed other book
https://feeds.feedburner.com/coderprog other book


# go
https://dave.cheney.net/feed/atom go

